src/views/view-map/readme.md, before:

# view-map



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property      | Attribute    | Description                                                            | Type                       |
| ------------- | ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| `appData`     | --           |                                                                        | `AppData`                  |
| `appLoaded`   | `app-loaded` |                                                                        | `boolean`                  |
| `bookDetails` | --           |                                                                        | `BookDetails \| undefined` |
| `match`       | --           | The results coming from `stencil-router` that contain any URL matches. | `MatchResults`             |


## Events

| Event        | Detail | Description |
| ------------ | ------ | ----------- |
| `dataLoaded` |        |             |


## Methods

### `setActiveElementByDetail(detailId: number) => void`



#### Parameters

| Name       | Type     | Description |
| ---------- | -------- | ----------- |
| `detailId` | `number` |             |

#### Returns

Type: `void`




----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

Add support for map to display book information. Add `enabled` property to map data to allow filtering buildings/floors/elements to be displayed.

src/views/view-map/readme.md, after:

# view-map



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property    | Attribute    | Description                                                                | Type           |
| ----------- | ------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------- |
| `appData`   | --           | The global object of all application data.                                 | `AppData`      |
| `appLoaded` | `app-loaded` | A global flag passed in to indicate if the application has loaded as well. | `boolean`      |
| `mapType`   | `map-type`   |                                                                            | `string`       |
| `match`     | --           | The results coming from `stencil-router` that contain any URL matches.     | `MatchResults` |


## Events

| Event        | Detail | Description                                                          |
| ------------ | ------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `dataLoaded` |        | Event fired when the data specific to this view is finished loading. |


----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
